I'm planning to make a commercial unit DBMS, use HTML, CSS, and Javascript languages with SQL as database language, the source code must be easy to integrate with the SQL database. Do not use react.js and place the design in a CSS file. Use bootstrap as the foundational design of the system. In the system, make a dashboard which contain the following: a short, but important summary of other sections. At the top is the Total sales collection which is the total amount of expected income, monthly collections which is the collected money that month, receivables which is the amount that has not been collected that month, and Advance Deposit, a separate calculation which contains all the advanced deposits made. Also include all the number of all active lessee and the number of lessee that has not paid that month 

	Make a graph containing all the information of the total sales being the 100% of the bar, Monthly collections being the bar that moves in the total sales percentage, and receivables, which is the amount not collected, and make another graph besides the total sales bar containing the advance deposit amount, making a grouped bar graph. Specify the amount of monthly collection and receivables and advanced payment in the graph itself with percentages and the amount itself. It must be specified what payment method is used, the options include cash payment, card payment, digital payments. It must be shown in the graph how much and what type of payments are made using the 3 payment methods with percentage and make this a stacked bar. There must be bar graphs for each location of, so far there are 3 locations which are Camary Commercial Unit Leasing, Nielsen's Commercial Building, and MAXXDRM Commercial Leasing. The dashboard must be made to accommodate added locations and show the same graphs as the others.

	All of this information must be togglable, which shows all the information of future and previous years. The graph must contain all the days of the month and has the option to only show the this months graph or all the months graph. The system must have the commercial unit location image as background to the system, there might be multiple locations so make it so that the background images slide. 

	Add a feature to make the main screen bigger and navigation bar at the must not move even when the main screen is down, Also add a login page with and add a logout in the navigation bar.




	In the 2nd section, name it sales, focus on making the work of the user easy, it must show the date when they become a lessee, name of lessee, his/her SOA (Which is like a reference number), Block, Unit, then amount of Rent per month. Make a sort feature to sort by alphabetical order, ascending and descending order, date by most recent entry and most oldest entry. Add a search function for this section capable of searching name, SOA Block, unit. 

	In the amount to be paid show it as Paid/total in pesos(ex. 8000/8000). There must be buttons at the right, first button "Full payment" which automatically fills the total amount (ex. 10,000/10,000), 2nd button "down payment" and you need to manually enter the amount paid, when entered fills up to only the portion of what it is paid (ex. 7000/10,000), make the place where you enter the amount a pop up window. Mark incomplete payments with red text and complete payments with green. Pressing the button again makes the action undo itself. Each time a there is a payment, specify the payment used, the options include cash payment, card payment, digital payments. Show this in a pop up window and every time a payment is entered, it also shows the specifics, which prompts the user. This information must also be seen in the all of tables.

	At the bottom include the summation of the total income and, before the final total, break down if how much and what percentage came from Monthly collections, and advanced deposit. There must be a button to print the entire table containing the name, soa, block, anu unit and the amount paid. Also add an option to toggle the table that is showing the date, name, soa, block, unit, rent, payment, and actions to change it to name, soa, block, unit, and the rest after that are the months of the year with their specification if it is paid, overdue, or incomplete. In the toggled table, also add the full payment and downpayment actions that are able to pay for previous months. In Specifying which month is going to be paid, do it in a pop-up window.  




	In the 3rd section, name the name lessees, it is a unit availability section sort it by unit and show who's the leasers who occupy what unit and their block, include the vacant units. Organize it by block. Add a sort feature in blocks and make the units interface in the system changeable or free to change the place of order. In this section also add a "new lessee" where you can add a new individual in an person in the unit, in active lessee, there is an extra button named "change unit" and it allows you to change the location of the lessee to a new location. Make it so that there is a search and is only a pop up window asking the name for the new lessee, and a search function for the "change" to make it easy. In new lessee and change unit, make sure to make a prompt for the price that the lessee will pay monthly. Also prompt and option if there is a Deposit and advance, if it is checked yes, show another prompt entering an amount for dedicated for 3 months. When a payment like this happen show in the Sales section that it is a deposit and advance by marking the amount blue,  add a legend above saying that green means fully paid, red means incomplete payment, and blue means paid thorough Advanced Deposit. Separate this from monthly collections and place it advance deposit. Back to the 3rd section. Add a delete button for blocks and unit, if there are still lessee in the location before deletion, do not go through with the deletion process.




	In the 4th section, focus more on the history of the leasers it must contain the name of the lesser, SOA, Block and Unit (last assigned block and unit if no longer active) and date of registry to date of annulment (active if still leasing). The SOA is a 4 digit number, the block is a single letter identifier, and the unit is only number. It must also be specified if the lessee is still active in leasing or no longer leasing.

	When you click a specific record of an individual, you see all of the transaction history with the all the payments made in that individuals time as an active lessee, including even when he is at a different blocks and his payments there, also include the date when it was paid, The details must still be seen such as name, SOA, block, etc.. if it is paid on time mark the amount with green, if it is not paid or incomplete payments, mark it with red, if there are down payments mark it with blue, if there are numerous payments till it was completely paid mark it as orange if. If the payment is an initial payment (Deposit and advance), mark it as purple. If there are multiple payments in the same month, make sure that it gets included in this section If there are no payments made, "0". The marks are to be made in the text, specifically the where the amount column is. 

	Add a search function for this section capable of searching name, SOA, Block, unit, and date. There must be an option to only show a specific date, also an option to only see a specified block. All of this information must be seen in all tables of the locations. The table must be able to be toggled with it changing depending on the location of the lot. So far there are 3 locations which are Camary Commercial Unit Leasing, Nielsen's Commercial Building, and MAXXDRM Commercial Leasing. The history section must be made to accommodate added locations and show the same graphs as the others.

	There must also be a function to print the summation of each month with each entry seen making the total. In the printing template, the name, SOA(Reference number), block, unit and amount paid must be seen. Additional, in the records, it must also be specified what payment is used. Also add a delete toggle which deletes an entry. Deleting an entry here will also delete the entries in the sales and lessee sections.

Last notes, make all of the enterable information editable, only history has the status if the lessee is active or already left, Add a new block and new unit feature. 